updating globus guide (#677)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: _uw-research-computing/globus.md

## Prerequisites

> All file transfer via Globus at CHTC requires: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All file transfer via Globus at CHTC requires: 

```

> - a group or user [`/staging`](file-avail-largedata.html) or `/projects` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- access to a directory in the [`/staging`](file-avail-largedata.html) or `/projects` folders
```

- login access to the `transfer.chtc.wisc.edu` server. 

> Contact us at chtc@cs.wisc.edu if you need either of the above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Contact us at chtc@cs.wisc.edu if you need either of the above. 
```

You will also need to be able to
[log in to the Globus web interface](https://app.globus.org/);
you can use your UW-Madison NetID (if you have one, or similar) by selecting
University of Wisconsin-Madison from the drop down and pressing "Continue".

## Using the CHTC Globus Endpoints

You can use the Globus web interface to transfer files to and from CHTC.
In the web interface, you can select two endpoints and then initiate a transfer
between them.

The first step is to find the CHTC Globus endpoints. They can be found in the Globus web interface 
by searching endpoints for "CHTC Staging" or "CHTC Projects".

![CHTC Globus endpoints](../../images/guides-globus-endpoints.png)

> Or can be found at these links: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or can be found at these links: 

```

## Prerequisites

All file transfer via Globus at CHTC requires: 

- access to a directory in the [`/staging`](file-avail-largedata.html) or `/projects` folders
- login access to the `transfer.chtc.wisc.edu` server. 

Contact us at chtc@cs.wisc.edu if you need either of the above. 

You will also need to be able to
[log in to the Globus web interface](https://app.globus.org/);
you can use your UW-Madison NetID (if you have one, or similar) by selecting
University of Wisconsin-Madison from the drop down and pressing "Continue".

## Using the CHTC Globus Endpoints

You can use the Globus web interface to transfer files to and from CHTC.
In the web interface, you can select two endpoints and then initiate a transfer
between them.

The first step is to find the CHTC Globus endpoints. They can be found in the Globus web interface 
by searching endpoints for "CHTC Staging" or "CHTC Projects".

> ![CHTC Globus endpoints](../../images/guides-globus-endpoints.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![CHTC Globus endpoints](/images/guides-globus-endpoints.png)
```
